README.md, before:

# Pinboard CLI

This project is a command line interface for the [Pinboard](https://pinboard.in)
API.

It is mostly a learning tool for me while I learn Rust, but it may actually
become useful at some point.

A few notes if anyone happens to read the code:

  - I'm purposefully not using a crate like [`error-chain`](
    https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/error-chain) or [`failure`](
    https://boats.gitlab.io/failure/) right now as I want to fully understand
    the basic error handling in Rust first. Once I'm comfortable with those,
    errors will be restructured to use a library. Most likely `failure`.
  - Until I'm happy with the names I've given most things, I'm avoiding some
    concise name importing via `use`, so there are a few more lengthy function
    calls or type names than there might be in regular Rust code.

## Installation

You may install this project directly from GitHub using the following command:

`cargo install --git <repo url>`

## Configuration

The configuration is currently very simple. Configuration is read from a YAML
file located at `~/.config/pinboard/config.yaml`. The file currently only
contains the API token.

Example:

```yaml
---
api:
    token: 'user:0123456789ABCDEF'
```

## Resources

Since I was using this project to learn more Rust, I figured it may be useful
to list resources that I found useful.

  - Burnt Sushi's [Rust Error Handling](
    http://blog.burntsushi.net/rust-error-handling/) blog post was excellent
    while getting to grips with error handling. This post has since been
    adapted for [The Rust Programming Language](
    https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/first-edition/error-handling.html)
    book.
  - [Rust By Example](https://rustbyexample.com/) for various bits and pieces.
  - [The Rust Programming Language](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/)
    book.
  - [Rust Clippy](https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/rust-clippy).
  - Reading the code and documentation of various crates used in the project.
  - The [New Rustacean](http://www.newrustacean.com/) podcast has been very
    interesting.
  - Many other things that I've since forgotten about.

## License

This project is released under the MIT license.

Commit message:

src/notes: Comment on JSON reply differing from XML

README.md, after:

# Pinboard CLI

This project is a command line interface for the [Pinboard](https://pinboard.in)
API.

It is mostly a learning tool for me while I learn Rust, but it may actually
become useful at some point.

A few notes if anyone happens to read the code:

  - I'm using the JSON version of the API, some of the returned data is
    slightly different compared to what is shown on the Pinboard API docs. I'll
    comment on structs where this is the case.
  - I'm purposefully not using a crate like [`error-chain`](
    https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/error-chain) or [`failure`](
    https://boats.gitlab.io/failure/) right now as I want to fully understand
    the basic error handling in Rust first. Once I'm comfortable with those,
    errors will be restructured to use a library. Most likely `failure`.
  - Until I'm happy with the names I've given most things, I'm avoiding some
    concise name importing via `use`, so there are a few more lengthy function
    calls or type names than there might be in regular Rust code.

## Installation

You may install this project directly from GitHub using the following command:

`cargo install --git <repo url>`

## Configuration

The configuration is currently very simple. Configuration is read from a YAML
file located at `~/.config/pinboard/config.yaml`. The file currently only
contains the API token.

Example:

```yaml
---
api:
    token: 'user:0123456789ABCDEF'
```

## Resources

Since I was using this project to learn more Rust, I figured it may be useful
to list resources that I found useful.

  - Burnt Sushi's [Rust Error Handling](
    http://blog.burntsushi.net/rust-error-handling/) blog post was excellent
    while getting to grips with error handling. This post has since been
    adapted for [The Rust Programming Language](
    https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/first-edition/error-handling.html)
    book.
  - [Rust By Example](https://rustbyexample.com/) for various bits and pieces.
  - [The Rust Programming Language](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/)
    book.
  - [Rust Clippy](https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/rust-clippy).
  - Reading the code and documentation of various crates used in the project.
  - The [New Rustacean](http://www.newrustacean.com/) podcast has been very
    interesting.
  - Many other things that I've since forgotten about.

## License

This project is released under the MIT license.
